Add _CAPn and _TRIG environemnt vars (#571)
L3MON4D3/LuaSnip: doc/luasnip.txt

designed to be compatible with vscodes’ behavior, which can be
counterintuitive when the snippet can be expanded at places other than the
point where selection started (or when doing transformations on selected text).
Besides those we also provide `LS_TRIGGER` which contains the trigger of the
snippet, and `LS_CAPTURE_n` (where n is a positive integer) that contains the

> n-th capture of the when using a regex as `trig` in the snippet definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n-th capture when using a regex with capture groups as `trig` in the snippet definition.
```

Author: So I can just use your review directly :smile:
